MTN Added model state to the glossary (#857)
INRIA/scikit-learn-mooc: jupyter-book/appendix/glossary.md

Generic term that refers to something that can [learn](#train-learn-fit)
[prediction](#predict-prediction) rules from the data.

### model state

Set of numerical values that an [estimator](#estimator) learns during training.

> These are the specific numbers (like slope and intercept for a linear
> regression, or standard deviation for a standard scaler) that encapsulates the
> patterns the [estimator](#estimator) has learned and that are saved for later
> predictions or transformations.

Reviewer: What do you think of the following wording?

```suggestion
They summarize patterns in the data (limited to what the [estimator](#estimator)
can represent), and are stored for later predictions or transformations.
Examples include the slope and intercept in a linear regression; or the
per-feature mean and standard deviation in a standard scaler.
```
